Nomad Docs: Client introduction token updates (#1742)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/nomad/v1.11.x/content/docs/deploy/clusters/connect-nodes.mdx

valid token. Refer to the [`server.client_introduction` block
documentation](/nomad/docs/configuration/server#client_introduction-parameters)
for additional enforcement options.

<CodeBlockConfig highlight="8-12">

```hcl
data_dir = "/opt/nomad/"
acl {
  enabled = true
}
server {
  enabled          = true
  bootstrap_expect = 1
  client_introduction {
    enforcement          = "strict" # Default = "warn"
    default_identity_ttl = "5m"     # Default = "5m"
    max_identity_ttl     = "30m"    # Default = "30m"
  }
}
tls {
  http = true
  rpc  = true
  ca_file   = "/opt/nomad/tls/nomad-agent-ca.pem"
  cert_file = "/opt/nomad/tls/global-server-nomad.pem"
  key_file  = "/opt/nomad/tls/global-server-nomad-key.pem"
}
```

</CodeBlockConfig>

If your Nomad servers are already running, the agent will need to be restarted to 
apply the configuration changes.

No additional configuration is required on the client node.

### Create an ACL policy

With the ACL system bootstrapped, create an ACL policy that allows the generation
of client introduction tokens. The policy must include `node` scope with
`write` permission.

> This example is the least-privilege policy that allows token generation: 

Reviewer: Suggest removing this line. See suggestion for L303.

> This example is the least-privilege policy that allows token generation: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of client introduction tokens. The policy must include `node` scope with `write`
permission, which is the least amount of privilege that you need to generate
tokens.
```

### Generate a client introduction token

With the ACL role created, you can now generate a client introduction token using 
that role.

There are two methods to generate a client introduction token: using the
[`nomad node intro create` command](/nomad/commands/node/intro/create) or the
[`/v1/acl/identity/client-introduction-token`](/nomad/api-docs/acl/identities#create-client-introduction-identity) API endpoint.

> The example below will use the CLI command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the
[`nomad node intro create` command](/nomad/commands/node/intro/create) or the
[`/v1/acl/identity/client-introduction-token` API endpoint](/nomad/api-docs/acl/identities#create-client-introduction-identity) to generate your client introduction token. Token generation uses the the ACL role from the [Create an ACL role section](#create-an-acl-role). 

```

If you mention the API endpoint, we need to provide a complete example in a tabbed interface. I can help with that by directly editing your branch. Also, if we mention the API here, we should provide API examples in the create policy and create role sections.
